XModule Style Decoupling: Follow-up fixes & refactoring (#32592)
openedx/edx-platform: xmodule/assets/README.rst

xmodule/assets: edx-platform XBlock resources
#############################################

> This folder exists to contain resources (ie, static assets) for the XBlocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder exists to contain resources (i.e., static assets) for the XBlocks
```
